About the job
Our Mission



As humans, there are few things more exciting than meeting someone new. At Tinder, we’re inspired by the challenge of keeping the magic of human connection alive. With tens of millions of users, hundreds of millions of downloads, 2+ billion swipes per day, 20+ million matches per day, and a presence in 190+ countries, our reach is expansive—and rapidly growing.



We work together to solve complex problems. Behind the simplicity of every match, we think deeply about human relationships, behavioral science, network economics, AI and ML, online and real-world safety, cultural nuances, loneliness, love, sex, and more.



Program Duration


The internship program will run from June 1 through August 28, 2026.


 


Where you’ll work


This is a hybrid role that requires in-office collaboration three days per week in either Los Angeles or Palo Alto, California. 


 


About the Role 


As a Backend Engineer Intern at Tinder, you will partner directly with senior members of the engineering team and be empowered to contribute solutions to Tinder’s backend system. We are deeply invested in improving architecture design, exploring and leveraging new technologies in interesting ways to deliver an app that continues to shape how people connect globally.



What you'll do:
Collaborate across Tinder Engineering on the expansion of our service platform

Develop and operate scalable and resilient distributed services that run on Amazon Web Services (AWS)

Build large scale distributed systems that handle billions of data events a day

Write unit and integration tests. 

Access to cutting-edge Generative AI tools and the opportunity to apply them in real-world engineering work



What we're looking for:
Aspiring backend developer who’s excited to work on large scale challenges with cutting-edge technology

Proficiency in coding with at least one language (Java, Scala, Python,Typescript, Nodejs, etc.)

Foundational knowledge of basic Computer Science principles: data structures and algorithms

Curiosity and creativity in leveraging Generative AI to reimagine feature building and development workflows

Currently pursuing a BS/BA, MS, or PhD in Computer Science or a related field



Nice to have:
Prior internship or work experience on backend systems

Completed relevant project experience (i.e. hackathons, personal projects, GitHub, Open Source, volunteer coding experience etc.)

Knowledge of technologies such as; Protocol Buffers, gRPC, Apache Kafka, Apache Flink, ElasticSearch, Redis

Aware of AWS technologies like; DynamoDB, S3, RDS, ElastiCache





Commitment to Inclusion



At Tinder, we don’t just accept difference, we celebrate it. We strive to build a workplace that reflects the rich diversity of our members around the world, and we value unique perspectives and backgrounds. Even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications, we invite you to apply and show us how your skills could transfer. Tinder is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace where we welcome people of all sexes, gender identities, races, ethnicities, disabilities, and other lived experiences. Learn more here: https://www.lifeattinder.com/dei



If you require reasonable accommodation to complete a job application, pre-employment testing, or a job interview or to otherwise participate in the hiring process, please speak to your Talent Acquisition Partner directly.



#Tinder


We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.



The compensation range listed above is representative of the hourly rate offered.

Factors such as scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/training, job-related skills, internal peer equity, as well as market and business considerations may influence base pay offered. This salary range is reflective of a position based in Los Angeles, and Palo Alto, California. This hourly rate will be subject to a geographic adjustment (according to a specific city, state, and country), if an authorization is granted to work outside of the location listed in this posting.